GSoC main page review (#5008)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/index.adoc

== GSoC 2022

> We participate in Google Summer of Code 2022.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are participating in Google Summer of Code 2022.
```
